Document Object Model is an interface for webpages and documents to represent HTML structures in a tree-like structure, each node represents an element of the HTML code.
DOM allows programs to manipulate the document's content which consist of nodes, elements, attributes and events. DOM expresses the document in a tree-like structre made of nodes 
and nodes consist of text, elements and attributes. Elements contain the content of the HTML and represent the HTML code. Attributes can provide addition informaiton about
elements such as properties, styles or behaviour. DOM allows JavaScript to respond to user interactions or other aactions in the document.

Virtual DOM is a concept in Reac to optimise the performance of web applications, it is an abstraction of the actual DOM in memor and is kept in sync using React's 
reconciliation process. The virtual DOM is created when a React component is first rendered, when changes are made to the state or to the props, a new virtual DOM representation is created.
React compares the virtual DOM with the previous one and uses a diffing algorithm to figure out the smallest chages required ot uppdate the real DOM. React uses batching to
optimise changes and applying them to the real DOM efficiently as a patch, to minimise wasteful re-renders and DOM operations.

Virtual DOM is important in React as it offers ehanced speed, simple development process, cross platform compatibility, state management and testign and debugging. Virtual DOM
increases speed by reducing the number of changes required on the DOM. Virtual DOM in React is advantageous due to more efficient updates, component reusability, easy updating
to delcaritve syntax and improved server side rendering. React's virtual DOM esures that only the necessary changes are made to the actual DOM increasing the rendering speeds.
Virtual DOM allows develpers to create reusable components that can be composed and updated efficiently. 

The loading process of the virtual DOM differs to the normal DOM, the normal DOM creates a DOM tree from the HTML code, analyses the HTML markup and generates DOM nodes and
displays the conten on the screen. With huge normal DOM trees, rendering web pages can be expensive.
Virtual DOM is an abstraction of the DOM that resides in memory meaning the changes are not immediately updated in the real DOM, React creates a virtual DOM tree representation
in memory, this virtual DOM is based on the React component's intial state and properties.

